Readme File 
==================================

Follow the following instructions to run each file : 

1.Proteome Annotation(dipeptide.py):Input the .txt file path along with the file name which contains protein sequences each in a new line.The output will be composition of each dipeptide.

2.Gene Expression(central_dogma.py):Input any valid dna sequence yourself. Output will be rna formed after transcription and protein formed after translation.

3.Computer Aided Vaccines(genparser1.1.py): Enter the genbank file path along with the name(with .gb extension) and the name of the output FASTA file you want to create. You will get a fasta file of the name you entered in your current working directory with all features seperated.

4.Image based Biomarkers (surf_opencv.py): you will be prompted to enter the file name. Enter the file name along with the path and extension(.png / .jpg).For eg: C:/Users/XYZ/test.png

5.ANN(ann.py): given the inputs as per the question in_layer and out_layer. With each iteration error is calculated in l1_error and weight matrix is adjusted.Finally layer1 is given out as output layer.

6.KNN(knn.py): taken iris dataset which is inbuilt,knn is implemented and output is predicted.

7.Support vector machine(SVM.py): the inputs are as given in the question and is used to train the model and we fit the input data with the output as a part of supervised learning.
  Now program will prompt to enter two values which is x and y for an x-y plane. Enter values from 0-9 for each x and y. Result will be the cluster the point belongs to.

8.Random Forest(random_forest.py):the inputs are as given in the question and is used to train the model and we fit the input data with the output as a part of supervised learning.
  Now program will prompt to enter two values which is x and y for an x-y plane. Enter values from 0-9 for each x and y. Result will be the cluster the point belongs to.

9.Feature Selection (feature_selection.py): feature selection is applied on the data X in the python script and variance threshold is applied for 80% probablity and reduced features are given as output.

10.Evalutaion of Classification and Regression Methods(k_fold.py):10 fold cross validation output is shown. The closer the value is to 1 better is the output generated by random forest classifier.You may change n_folds value from line 22 'KFold(12,n_folds=10)' for k-cross validation for different values of k.
